# Group 23 Meeting Notes 5/23

### Meeting Type

**Sprint Retrospective**

### Attendance

_Present_

- Daniel
- David
- Benjamin
- Shambhavi
- Sravya Chittuluri
- Ravi
- Brooke
- Esha
- Andy

_Absent_

- Nicholas
- Teresa

### Location

Outside Catalyst building

### Meeting Time/Place

5/23, 4:00 to 4:50 PM
## Agenda

Spring Retrospective

- Think / Group / Vote / Discuss

### Unresolved Business

None

## Action Items

Discuss process of the previous spring â€” successes, failures, and insights that we can use to improve our next sprint.


### Items for Future Discussion

- Specifics about how we can improve communication
- Discuss how standups are going to work
  
## Retrospective Ideas

Liked:

- Daily standups
- Figma prototype was easy to follow
- Entire process was fairly smooth
- Each member got most work done
- Everything felt much more organized due to Github Projects
- Pair development was a success
Didn't Like:

- Planning and Collaboration
- Divison of Labor
- Dependencies / Blockers due to workflow
- Time Constraints of Project

Unclear:

- Communication felt scattered at times
- Implementation question and detaiis were more via one-on-one rather than utilizing the Slack channels
- Standup bot didn't resonate with everyone
- Unsure about tests
- Lack of communication with blocking issues
- PRs should be more frequent
- Due dates were not well enforced

Should be added:

- **Structured Meetings and Structured Workflow**
- More even workload
- Early planning

## Resolutions

- Using GitHub Projects to better enforce deadlines and priority
- Changing Standup bot to more of a reminder for teammates to enter their own standup.
- 10 minute zoom meetings Monday and Wednesdays at 9:00 AM.
- Using group channels for communication rather than private DM.
